correct errors in English documents (#1904)
apache/iotdb: docs/UserGuide/Comparison/TSDB-Comparison.md

  Interface: SQL

Prometheus and Druid are also famous for time series data management. 
However, Prometheus focuses data collection, data visualization and alert warnings.
Druid focuses on data analysis with OLAP workload. We omit them here.
 

## Comparison 

> The above time series database are comparedfrom two aspects: the feature comparison and the performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above time series databases are compared from two aspects: the feature comparison and the performance
```

* SQL like: 

>   * IoTDB and InfluxDB supports SQL like language. In addition, the integration of IoTDB and Calcite is alomost done (a PR has been submitted), which means IoTDB will support Standard SQL soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * IoTDB and InfluxDB support SQL like language. In addition, the integration of IoTDB and Calcite is almost done (a PR has been submitted), which means IoTDB will support Standard SQL soon.
```
